admnrev                 admnrev
affairs                 affairs
airfare                 airfare
alcohol                 alcohol
apple                   apple
approval                approval
athlet1                 athlet1
athlet2                 athlet2
attend                  attend
audit                   audit
barium                  barium
beauty                  beauty
benefits                benefits
beveridge               beveridge
big9salary              big9salary
bwght                   bwght
bwght2                  bwght2
campus                  campus
card                    card
catholic                catholic
cement                  cement
census2000              census2000
ceosal1                 ceosal1
ceosal2                 ceosal2
charity                 charity
consump                 consump
corn                    corn
countymurders           countymurders
cps78_85                cps78_85
cps91                   cps91
crime1                  crime1
crime2                  crime2
crime3                  crime3
crime4                  crime4
discrim                 discrim
driving                 driving
earns                   earns
econmath                econmath
elem94_95               elem94_95
engin                   engin
expendshares            expendshares
ezanders                ezanders
ezunem                  ezunem
fair                    fair
fertil1                 fertil1
fertil2                 fertil2
fertil3                 fertil3
fish                    fish
fringe                  fringe
gpa1                    gpa1
gpa2                    gpa2
gpa3                    gpa3
happiness               happiness
hprice1                 hprice1
hprice2                 hprice2
hprice3                 hprice3
hseinv                  hseinv
htv                     htv
infmrt                  infmrt
injury                  injury
intdef                  intdef
intqrt                  intqrt
inven                   inven
jtrain                  jtrain
jtrain2                 jtrain2
jtrain3                 jtrain3
k401k                   k401k
k401ksubs               k401ksubs
kielmc                  kielmc
lawsch85                lawsch85
loanapp                 loanapp
lowbrth                 lowbrth
mathpnl                 mathpnl
meap00_01               meap00_01
meap01                  meap01
meap93                  meap93
meapsingle              meapsingle
minwage                 minwage
mlb1                    mlb1
mroz                    mroz
murder                  murder
nbasal                  nbasal
nyse                    nyse
okun                    okun
openness                openness
pension                 pension
phillips                phillips
pntsprd                 pntsprd
prison                  prison
prminwge                prminwge
rdchem                  rdchem
rdtelec                 rdtelec
recid                   recid
rental                  rental
return                  return
saving                  saving
sleep75                 sleep75
slp75_81                slp75_81
smoke                   smoke
traffic1                traffic1
traffic2                traffic2
twoyear                 twoyear
volat                   volat
vote1                   vote1
vote2                   vote2
voucher                 voucher
wage1                   wage1
wage2                   wage2
wagepan                 wagepan
wageprc                 wageprc
wine                    wine
